       d, i   The int argument is converted to signed decimal notation.
              The precision, if any, gives the minimum number of digits
              that must appear; if the converted value requires fewer
              digits, it is padded on the left with zeros.  The default
              precision is 1.  When 0 is printed with an explicit
              precision 0, the output is empty.

       o, u, x, X
              The unsigned int argument is converted to unsigned octal
              (o), unsigned decimal (u), or unsigned hexadecimal (x and
              X) notation.  The letters abcdef are used for x
              conversions; the letters ABCDEF are used for X conversions.
              The precision, if any, gives the minimum number of digits
              that must appear; if the converted value requires fewer
              digits, it is padded on the left with zeros.  The default
              precision is 1.  When 0 is printed with an explicit
              precision 0, the output is empty

       s      If no l modifier is present: the const char * argument is
              expected to be a pointer to an array of character type
              (pointer to a string).  Characters from the array are
              written up to (but not including) a terminating null byte
              ('\0'); if a precision is specified, no more than the
              number specified are written.  If a precision is given, no
              null byte need be present; if the precision is not
              specified, or is greater than the size of the array, the
              array must contain a terminating null byte.

              If an l modifier is present: the const wchar_t * argument
              is expected to be a pointer to an array of wide characters.
              Wide characters from the array are converted to multibyte
              characters (each by a call to the wcrtomb(3) function, with
              a conversion state starting in the initial state before the
              first wide character), up to and including a terminating
              null wide character.  The resulting multibyte characters
              are written up to (but not including) the terminating null
              byte.  If a precision is specified, no more bytes than the
              number specified are written, but no partial multibyte
              characters are written.  Note that the precision determines
              the number of bytes written, not the number of wide
              characters or screen positions.  The array must contain a
              terminating null wide character, unless a precision is
              given and it is so small that the number of bytes written
              exceeds it before the end of the array is reached.

       p      The void * pointer argument is printed in hexadecimal (as
              if by %#x or %#lx).

       %      A '%' is written.  No argument is converted.  The complete
              conversion specification is '%%'.
